we are continuing our training this time
we're gonna play in this era the fret
board between fret 9 and 12 this
exercise is a very logical one once you
start memorizing the the shapes you'll
see that there is a consistency and and
your fingers are going to know without
having to look at the tab where to go
and that's valid with all the exercises
really one finger per fret which is very
very important we're gonna work this on
a combination of two absent strings and
the logic is as follows
I'm gonna start on the the high E string
play seven playoff Ritz nine ten and
then it will go on the next string
playing frets 12 11 so it's like kind of
like narrowing in I'm going from the
outside of the scale to the inside in
both directions and once I'll play that
I'm gonna do it on the second string and
the first string so just practice that
segment you can loop with that you don't
need to use the French string just one
string and then once you're comfortable
with that try to play that shape across
all the different strings
at this very very slowly and then use
the backing track if at any time things
become sloppy or you can't keep up or
you feel pain or you feel that you have
to reposition your pick means that
you're going too fast go back to a very
slow speed this might take a week if it
needs to or a month it doesn't matter
but this is going to be beneficial for
you playing later on when you're playing
musical ideas this is the tool that is
going to help you focus on the musical
idea not on the technique and not worry
about it so practice very slowly